                ----------------------------------------
                |    Welcome to <Back To School>!      |
                ----------------------------------------

This is a competition game, you will played as a high school student
and fight the class representative with another talent boy.

------
|Rule|
------
There will be 5 rounds of competition, you can choose different
question type for each round.
How to win?
1.You need to answer the question correctly
2.You need to enter the answer before your competitor
Note:
Time spent of your competitor is depend on the difficulty of question.
Tips:
Try to type your answer fast

------------
|Background|
------------
Today is your first day of new semester in Talent High School.
You are the top student since you join this school, 
during the past 2 years you are elected to be the class representative by your classmates and teachers.
And today is the class representative election again...

Teacher: Okay, good morning everyone. Nice to meet you all again in this new semester. Before start, I would like to announce something. Today a transfer student will join our class, let's welcome him!

Applause...

A boy with blond hair, wearing a very big Jordan T-shirt slowly walked to the front of the class.

'He looks very confident, will he challenge my position?' You thinking.

Teacher: Jandon, can you introduce yourself to your classmates?

Jandon: Sure, good morning teacher and my fellow classmates!My name is Jandon, the top student from Pioneer High School.Nice to meet you all!

'Another cocky people.' You thinking.

Teacher: Okay, Jandon, you can take a seat that you like.

Jandon looks around the classroom and walk towards you, 'nice to meet you.' Jandon sit besides you very naturally.

Teacher: Today is our first day for the new semester, and as usual we will do a election on the class representative for the new semester!Who want to participate the election please raise your hand.

All classmates are watching at you and you raise your hand as usual, 
you know you will be the class rep without surprise.

Teacher: Okay, since only one person raise hand, then we...

Jandon: Sorry teacher! I think you didn't see but I also raise hand.

Everyone are looking at Jandon and they are not expecting a transfer student will challenge a top student while no one else dare to.

You: I have been the top student since I enter this school, you have no chance to win me. Are you sure you want to challenge?

Jandon: We will know who is the top after this challenge, I let you choose the question type!